The iPhone maker included the new timetable in an updated proposal it submitted
to the city on Nov. 14. While Apple, the worldÆs largest company by market value
, had wanted to break ground on the 176-acre campus this year, the city may not
complete its environmental impact report until June, and Apple may not be able t
o start work until 2014. ôThey could conceivably break ground in 2013, but only
if everything goes smoothly,ö said David Brandt, CupertinoÆs city manager. That
depends on the city council approving the project quickly, and on residents not
filing legal challenges. ôThe project is running a little bit slow.ö Apple notif
ied the city in August that it planned to update its proposal in September. By f
iling in November, possible approval in early 2013 became unrealistic, said Bran
dt. In its original plan, the company said it envisioned moving in by 2015. The
new site, dubbed Apple Campus 2, ôwill be a new home for our company and an impo
rtant part of the lives of more than 12,000 Apple employees,ö said Amy Bessette,
a spokeswoman for Apple. ôWith that in mind, we have approached this project wi
th the same care and attention to detail we pay when designing any Apple product
. We look forward to moving the project forward with the city and beginning cons
truction.ö Parking, Trees The new document includes no major changes from the am
bitious plan that Steve Jobs presented to the city council in June 2011, four mo
nths before his death. Apple submitted revisions that will let it complete the p
roject without having to truck out any dirt, and wants to move a free-standing,
1,000- seat auditorium farther away from one of the surrounding roads than in th
e original plan. The company also wants to construct an additional building to h
ouse utility equipment and more parking spots for some of the workers Apple plan
s to employ at the new site, which the company pegs at as many as 14,200. Becaus
e many of the 10,500 parking spots will be underground, Apple said it intends to
almost triple the amount of landscaped area. It has also removed from the plans
a footbridge over a creek that runs through one corner of the property. ôThereÆ
s nothing super-significant,ö said Brandt. He said the city didnÆt request any o
f the changes. ôI think they are just constantly trying to improve the project.ö
There are no substantial changes to the circular four-story main building, whic
h at 2.8 million square feet will be one of the largest buildings in the world.
The revised proposal includes the same artist renderings from the initial submis
sion, which portray a glass-dominated structure surrounded by a landscape of nat
ive grasses and trees. The campus will include 7,000 trees. The city plans to po
st the new plan online after Thanksgiving, by which time it will have added enou
gh servers to handle the torrent of traffic it expects from Apple fans, said Aar
ti Shrivastava, CupertinoÆs director of community development. To contact the re
porter on this story Peter Burrows in San Francisco at pburrows@bloomberg.net

Mergesort 0.0 seconds
true
1,000- 10,500 12,000 14,200. 14. 176-acre 2, 2.8 2011, 2013 2013, 2014. 2015. 7,
000 Aarti Amy Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple Apple, Apple
. August Because Bessette, Brandt, Brandt. Brandt. Burrows By Campus CupertinoÆs
CupertinoÆs David Francisco He In It Jobs June June, Nov. November, Parking, Pe
ter San September. Shrivastava, Steve Thanksgiving, That The The The The The The
The There To Trees We While a a a a a a a a able added additional after almost
also also ambitious amount an an an and and and and and and and and any any any
approached approval approving are are area. artist as as at at at at attention a
uditorium away be be be be became before beginning bit break break building buil
ding, buildings but by by by by campus campus care challenges. changes changes c
hanges. circular city city city city city city city city city community company
company company company company complete complete conceivably constantly constru
ct construction.ö contact corner could council council creek death. depends desi
gning detail development. didnÆt director dirt, document dubbed early employ emp
loyees,ö enough environmental envisioned equipment everything expects fans, fart
her feet filing filing footbridge for for for forward forward four four-story fr
ee-standing, from from from from from glass-dominated goes grasses ground ground
had handle has have have having his home house iPhone if impact important impro
ve in in in in in in in in in in in in include included includes includes initia
l intends is it it it it it it it its its its just landscape landscaped largest
largest legal let little lives look main major maker manager. many many market m
ay may million mind, months more more move moving moving native new new new new
new new no no not not not nothing notified of of of of of of of of of of of of o
n on on on on one one one online only original original our out over parking par
king part pay pburrows@bloomberg.net pegs plan plan plan, plan. planned plans pl
ans plans portray possible post presented product. project project project proje
ct project project.ö property. proposal proposal proposal quickly, removed rende
rings report reporter request residents revised revisions roads running runs sai
d said said said said said said said same same seat servers site, site, slow.ö s
moothly,ö some spokeswoman spots spots square start story structure submission,
submitted submitted substantial super-significant,ö surrounded surrounding than
than that that that that that the the the the the the the the the the the the t
he the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the t
he the the the they think this this this through time timetable to to to to to t
o to to to to to to to to to to to torrent traffic trees. trees. triple truck tr
ying underground, unrealistic, until until update updated utility value, wanted
wants wants we we when which which which which will will will will will with wit
h without work workers world. worldÆs year, ôI ôThe ôThereÆs ôThey ôWith ôwill
